Add support for `3DTILES_ellipsoid` in generated code (#1087)
CesiumGS/cesium-native: CHANGES.md

- Added `UrlTemplateRasterOverlay` for requesting raster tiles from services using a templated URL.
- `upsampleGltfForRasterOverlays` is now compatible with meshes using TRIANGLE_STRIP, TRIANGLE_FAN, or non-indexed TRIANGLES primitives.
- Added `requestHeaders` field to `TilesetOptions` to allow per-tileset request headers to be specified.

> - Added support for `3DTILES_ellipsoid` in `CesiumGltf`, `CesiumGltfReader`, and `CesiumGltfWriter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for `3DTILES_ellipsoid` in `Cesium3DTiles`, `Cesium3DTilesReader`, and `Cesium3DTilesWriter`.
```

Author: Thanks!
